hey Jimmy they got King tougher kiss FM
how would you like to have lunch with me
better yet I was you like for me to
bring you lunch and bring the party
straight to your job and it's right back
to life 99.3 10 5.7 slive at lunch and I
could be at your job log wanna kiss
Richmond icon the register will bring
the party in the food to you it's live
at lunch with your man King touch right
here would kiss that fin I love y'all
god bless y'all hey changes in the
Richmond business over the past several
years have made it an extremely
competitive job market that means
stations are looking for the best and
brightest that's right and on Richmond
airwaves 99.3 and 105 points they
everybody go to phone as a call somebody
get qualified that includes graduates
from Virginia State University yours
truly King Ted talking to you know yes
Radio one operates fifty-three stations
in 15 urban markets across the nation
99.3 and 10 5.7 kiss at them right now
I'm gonna slowing down from the lovers
in the city in the richmond petersburg
area that includes four stations
covering everything from gospel to news
to hip-hop and rnb the company has a
long-standing relationship of virginia
state university inviting many students
to come and learn more about the
business why don't we put that there we
get fabulous interns from Virginia State
people who are really dedicated and
focused and I continue to hear from them
even after they graduate and we build
relationships those relationships can
turn into a promising career at one of
which men stop stations where these
enthusiastic Virginia State Alumni are
serving as popular one or personalities
will we come back well yeah I'm
qualified to get on that party
that's what I'm sorry we have got to be
that is great news 99.3 10 5.7
kiss FM richmond arm be around the clock
welcome to guaranty also known as King
Tut is a midday host at ninety nine
point three and 10 5.7 kiss FM whose
show is ranked number one with adults 25
to 54 not too many people can say that
they're doing a job that they actually
love and get paid for it at the same
time as LL Cool J right it's these
sounds friend and white starting on the
street team and host weekend shows and
remote marketing events for I power 92
ones they did radio 1 in Virginia State
is like home is like family been one big
family virginia state university makes
so no donut love here inside the quiet
storm Mitch alone okay Mitch Malone
hosts the number-one rated quietstorm on
99.3 n 10 5.7 kiss at them my spark
actually started at Virginia State they
gave me the opportunity to start the
Jones dining hall sounds which was a
pseudo radio station I guess we'd like
to call it in the dining hall I was my
first crack it I guess doing a somewhat
of a radio show welcome to ride new
stadium VSU alums
Titan you as a child which school would
start his career path that is a bunt
Kiki why you are not writing 99.3 10 5.7
kiss at fair Richman's are be around the
clock when he watched his mother
graduate from Virginia State University
I was a child but I remember her walking
across that stage and I was like yes one
day I will do that make my mother proud
expo yeah I'm ready to party oh they
ready to party bra bra he sound says he
loves the unity that comes from being a
Virginia State graduate you can have
somebody from the hood from the suburbs
from the country all come together as
one and just you know we go to Virginia
State University with family so yeah so
if you have any questions just let me
know shoot me an email and we'll be good
to go and that connection to their alma
mater is maintained through work with
radio 1 which encourages employees to go
out into the communities their voices
right now you have all the spots
currently for BSU right we strongly
encourage all of our DJ's to be involved
with the community radio 1 is very
active with the community so be sounds
always goes out and is very active and
involved with vs you + going to the
games and homecoming every time I get a
chance to go back to my alma mater and
represent it I like to do it to the best
of my belt in I love it happy homecoming
2012 Trojan alums come all out of kids
too and reaching out to listeners on the
campus radio 1 is also looking for
interested students who want to learn
about careers in the radio industry the
talent and the school itself and what
it's becoming and certainly how it's
growing there's no question we want more
and more people coming from Virginia
State to work here with more than just a
passing interest in the industry
students are coming to radio one with a
good foundation of the knowledge that
serves them well as interns w PSP has
done a tremendous job of opening that
door and being there for students to
actually have some hands-on experience
at the radio business while many
students are eager to get straight to
the mic their eyes are soon open to all
the work behind the scenes that keeps
the station on the air
the year they take you to the sales side
2012 saturday jun 2nd on Browns I line
and it take you how commercials but this
is we enjoy the area's best for
production plus we'll have the hottest
live performances from George Glendon
taking promotions marketing you know and
I really think that that's why I a whole
lot of people transition their self from
Virginia State to radio on share what
you feel today the love of learning no
trip at Virginia State University is one
of the strengths of Radio One's on-air
personalities this is kiss at then they
want to continue to learn and I think
that's a really important part of being
a well-rounded on-air personality is
someone who has a love of learning the
love of growing and I think Peter their
listeners can tell that the number one
station 99.3 and 10 5.77 Mitch Malone
says that he's proud to work for a
company that has a partnership with the
school that made him who he is it lit
the spark in my life that I guess
springboard in my career and so I thank
everybody there and I continue to thank
the university community for their
support and supporting me all these
years I've been in radio hey everybody
go to the phone I was a call somebody
give a qualified that says that
everything about his experience at
Virginia State University from his major
and information systems to the
friendships he's made contributes to a
success on the air hey with what I
learned in Virginia State and coming
into radio and just putting it all
together I wanted to give that on the
radio I want people to feel like I'm
their cousin I'm their brother I'm their
son relate to me and enjoy radio like we
used to back in the day quiet storm
coming up top of the hour for vs you
today I'm week logie on Lawrence right
well how would you like to have your
lunch delivered by a king